the leadership styles that are dying out most recently are the ones that,
um, have the leader just think that they know it all, and they're
just depending on their rate, Thio be correct. Um, as it turns out
right now, you know, you have a second class who's like, really, really
knowledgeable. Um, they could be considered the leader. And when
compared to, like another first class or chief in some cases like
that, that second class could be right. That's because there's been,
ah, big boosting knowledge recently. Um, we have the Internet. We have
smarter people coming in. We have, ah, bigger, bigger pool of people
to work with. So you can't just depend on your laurels anymore.
You can't depend on your experience anymore. You actually have to look
at the person and for me chewing out somebody. Um, just because
I'm, uh, une seven and they did something wrong? Uh, that's that's not
flying anymore, actually, have toe see why they are doing the whatever
they're doing wrong. And then, um, adjust my leadership